Fix of the legless cyborgs when leave transports (#567)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

- Both voxel and SHP vehicle units should now correctly respect custom palette set through `Palette`.
- Setting `RadarInvisible` to true on TerrainTypes now hides them from minimap display.
- Mind control indicator animations will now correctly restore on mind controlled objects when uncloaked.

> - Fixed the bug that restored cyborg legs when the soldier left transport. Old behavior can be enabled back with `rulesmd.ini->[SOMETECHNO]->FixEnteringCyborgLegs=true`.

Reviewer: `rulesmd.ini -> [SOMETECHNO] -> FixEnteringCyborgLegs=true`

Reviewer 2: I think it's still needed as someone might want to use it as a feature

- Weapons fired by EMPulse superweapons without `EMPulse.TargetSelf=true` *(Ares feature)* can now create radiation.
- Setting `RadarInvisible` to true on TerrainTypes now hides them from minimap display.
- Mind control indicator animations will now correctly restore on mind controlled objects when uncloaked.

> - Fixed bug that restored cyborg legs when the soldier leave transports.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed the bug that restored cyborg legs when the soldier left transport.
```
